(All the members born in 97 are here!)
JinSoul: This is the first time we've all gotten together officially.
Yves: The prettiest girls in LOOΠΔ, right?
HaSeul: Right, huh?
Yves: Yes!
JinSoul: We're gonna make a song!
Yves: The 97ers
Yves: Actually, it's also our photo shooting~
Chuu: You guys look like girls from 1997~!!
Yves: What?
Chuu: 97ers?
Yves: Wow~
Yves: This kind of situation is called 'Gappunssa'
Yves: It means a situation when the atmosphere is going down suddenly.
Yves: I learned about this at the fan event.
HaSeul: We'll try our best!
JinSoul: Yes~
Chuu: I'm....
(Chuu feeling lonely...)
(This is the how 97ers take selfies!)
JinSoul: I like it~
(97ers practicing acting / CAMERA : HaSeul)
Yves: Hey, you just bumped into me, right?
Yves: Give me money!
JinSoul: I have no money...
Yves: Your jacket looks cool.
Yves: Where did you get this?
Yves: Do you like LOOΠΔ?
JinSoul: Do you know who LOOΠΔ is?
Yves: I like JinSoul!
JInSoul: Really? I'm a big fan of Yves!
Yves: Oh, really?
(Suddenly they started dissing ballad genre!)
JinSoul: I think ballad song is not good~
Yves: Right, I think so.
HaSeul: Oh... right, cut!
JinSoul: Director~ are you hurt?
HaSeul: No, not at all~